[CIAPP-2213] Update testing and CI provider instructions (#11002)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/setup_tests/swift.md

* tvOS >= 12.0

## Installing the Swift testing SDK

There are two ways of installing the testing framework:

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Using Swift Package Manager" %}}

1. Add `dd-sdk-swift-testing` package to your project. It is located at [`https://github.com/DataDog/dd-sdk-swift-testing`][1].

{{< img src="continuous_integration/swift_package.png" alt="Swift Package" >}}

2. Link your test targets with the library `DatadogSDKTesting` from the package.

{{< img src="continuous_integration/swift_link2.png" alt="Swift Linking SPM" >}}

3. If you run UITests, also link the app running the tests with this library.

[1]: https://github.com/DataDog/dd-sdk-swift-testing
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Adding the framework directly" %}}

1. Download and decompress `DatadogSDKTesting.zip` from the [release page][1].

2. Copy and link your test targets with the resulting XCFramework.

{{< img src="continuous_integration/swift_link.png" alt="Swift Linking XCFramework" >}}

3. If you run UITests, also link the app running the tests with this library.

[1]: https://github.com/DataDog/dd-sdk-swift-testing/releases
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

## Instrumenting your tests

### Configuring Datadog

> To enable testing instrumentation, add the following environment variables to your test target. You must also select your main target in the `Expand variables based on:`  combo or `Target for Variable Expansion` if using test plans:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable testing instrumentation, add the following environment variables to your test target. You must also select your main target in `Expand variables based on` or `Target for Variable Expansion` if using test plans:
```

{{< img src="continuous_integration/swift_env.png" alt="Swift Environments" >}}

For UITests, environment variables need to be set only in the test target, because the framework automatically injects these values to the application.

> You should set all these variables in your test target:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set all these variables in your test target:
```

`DD_TEST_RUNNER`

> : Enables or disables the instrumentation of tests. You should set this value to `$(DD_TEST_RUNNER)` so you can enable and disable test instrumentation with a environment variable defined outside of the test process (for example, in the CI build).<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Enables or disables the instrumentation of tests. Set this value to `$(DD_TEST_RUNNER)` so you can enable and disable test instrumentation with a environment variable defined outside of the test process (for example, in the CI build).<br/>
```

**Default**: `false`<br/>
**Recommended**: `$(DD_TEST_RUNNER)`<br/>
**Example**: `true`

`DATADOG_CLIENT_TOKEN`
: The [Datadog Client Token][1] to use to report test results.<br/>
**Default**: `(empty)`<br/>
**Example**: `pub0zxxxyyyxxxyyxxxzzxxyyxxxyyy`

`DD_SERVICE`
: Name of the service or library under test.<br/>

> **Default**: `(Repository name)`<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Default**: The repository name<br/>
```

**Example**: `my-ios-app`

`DD_ENV`

> : Name of the environment where tests are being run. You should set this value to `$(DD_ENV)` so you can use an environment variable at runtime for setting it.<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Name of the environment where tests are being run. Set this value to `$(DD_ENV)` so you can use an environment variable at runtime for setting it.<br/>
```

**Default**: `none`<br/>
**Recommended**: `$(DD_ENV)`<br/>
**Examples**: `ci`, `local`

`SRCROOT`

> : This is the path to the project SRCROOT environment variable. The recommended approach is to use `$(SRCROOT)` for the value, as this is automatically set by Xcode.<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: The path to the project SRCROOT environment variable. Use `$(SRCROOT)` for the value, because it is automatically set by Xcode.<br/>
```

**Default**: `(empty)`<br/>
**Recommended**: `$(SRCROOT)`<br/>
**Example**: `/Users/ci/source/MyApp`

<!-- TODO: uncomment this once we support any datacenter other than us1
`DD_SITE`
: The Datadog site to upload results to.<br/>
**Default**: `datadoghq.com`<br/>
**Possible values**: `datadoghq.com`, `us3.datadoghq.com`, `datadoghq.eu`
-->

### Collecting Git and build metadata

Git metadata and build information is automatically collected using CI provider environment variables, that must be forwarded to the test application (refer to the section [CI provider environment variables](#CI-provider-environment-variables) below for a full list).

When running tests in a simulator, full Git metadata is collected using the local `.git` folder. In this case, Git-related environment variables don't have to be forwarded.

### Running tests

> After installation, you can run your tests as you normally do, for example using the `xcodebuild test` command. Tests, network requests, and application logs will be instrumented automatically. You can pass your environment variables when running your tests in the CI, e.g:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After installation, run your tests as you normally do, for example using the `xcodebuild test` command. Tests, network requests, and application logs are instrumented automatically. Pass your environment variables when running your tests in the CI, for example:
```
